hello we'll see today how
use the smartphone app with
your gopro go it's gone
first of all things we will unlock
the screen
then we will go into the setup menu
we're going to come back from black, let's go
choose gopro app you have
three minutes to enter this code in
application
let's go go we take his
smartphone opens the application the
again that he's looking for a waffle at
here he has detected an island there
connect your camera just
follow the indications
so the camera and already turned on we choose
the wifi is activated on continues here is
so here we will choose gopro 50 30
we will copy the code by clicking on
pressing behring mike will help r ma
camera on copy code 62 08 60
we choose binoculars and here we will give
a name to my go pro
a code
here it tells you to go in
the settings of your phone and get
connect to the wi fi network of the
camera so here is the network and issued it
as a code 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 to do
rejoin
here it is validated we only have
return to the application
and that's it works and we see
the impeccable image
Thank you for your attention